---
id: try-local-mobile-wallet
title: 'Try the Local Mobile Wallet'
sidebar_label: Try the Local Mobile Wallet


---


>
> Note: This section is currently under development. An updated version of this document shall be included in a future documentation release. 
>


### Overview

The Libra Reference Wallet mobile app, similarly to the web UI, demonstrates a centralized (custodial) online service for consumers. The app provides a native experience on Android and iOS devices and can be built manually or installed directly from either Apple App Store or Google Play.

The mobile UI is practically identical to the web UI except for two differences:

1. The mobile app supports sending funds by scanning a QR code.
2. The mobile app does not allow logging in using admin accounts.


### Send Libra coins using QR code scanner

The Libra Reference Wallet mobile app allows sending Libra Coins using the built-in QR code scanner. This feature fills in automatically the transaction details without the need to type in and data manually. To feature is activated from the Send screen:



1. Log in.
2. Press the Send button.
3. In the Recipient field, press the shutter icon.
4. Camera screen will open. Notice that you might be requested to grant permission to use the camera.
5. Point the camera at a Libra QR code. You can scan a QR code generated by another wallet on its Receive screen.
6. All the fields will be field automatically with values.
7. Press Review button.
8. Press Send.


## Reference

* [Set Up](set-up-reference-wallet.md) - Learn how to deploy the Libra Reference Wallet.
* [Inventory Module](inventory-mod.md) - Introduction to inventory setup and settlement flows. 
* [Wallet Architecture](wallet-arch.md) - Learn more about PubSub and how it's implemented.
* [Test the Local Web Wallet](try-local-web-wallet.md) - Test the local web version of the Libra Reference Wallet